Added minimal config (#463)
a-h/templ: docs/docs/09-commands-and-tools/02-ide-support.md

```

Inside of your `tailwind.config.js`, you need to tell tailwind to look inside of .templ files and/or .go files.

> Note, if you're using tailwind from the cdn and do not have `tailwind.config.js` the lsp will not work as its looking for that file in the `root_dir` by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::tip
If you don't have a `tailwind.config.js` in the root directory of your project, the Tailwind LSP won't activate, and you won't see autocompletion results.
:::
```

vim.api.nvim_create_autocmd("BufEnter", { pattern = "*.templ", callback = function() vim.cmd("TSBufEnable highlight") end }) 
```

### Minimal Config

> Minimal config with the following features (useful for debugging):

Reviewer: Do you have time to explain what you need to do to use this config?

IIRC, you've got to install a plugin or two, and then run `nvim -u <config.lua>` or something?

Author: nothing more todo than just use the config in nvim (in the nvim appname folder).
also `-u` will not work here because you need to set the actual "home folder" (aka NVIM_APPNAME folder) this way lazy (and other nvim functionality) will actually work corretly

will add it now

vim.api.nvim_create_autocmd("BufEnter", { pattern = "*.templ", callback = function() vim.cmd("TSBufEnable highlight") end }) 
```

### Minimal Config

Minimal config with the following features (useful for debugging):
- [lazy-vim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim): neovim package manager
- [lsp config](https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig)
    - templ-lsp
    - htmp-lsp
    - htmx-lsp
    - tailwind-lsp
- [cmp](https://github.com/hrsh7th/nvim-cmp): for autocompletion
- [tree-sitter](https://github.com/nvim-treesitter/nvim-treesitter): for synx highlighting
    - [tree sitter templ](https://github.com/vrischmann/tree-sitter-templ)

> 
> To use this config, either just create/replace `init.lua` in your config folder (`~/.config/nvim/`) or for a temporary setup create
> a new folder in your `.config` (e.g.`~/.config/nvim_test`) and tell neovim to start up with that as the nvim appname `NVIM_APPNAME=nvim_test nvim`.   
> For reference: [neovim docs](https://neovim.io/doc/user/starting.html#%24NVIM_APPNAME). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this config:

* As a permanent setup: Create/replace `init.lua` in your config folder (`~/.config/nvim/`)
* As a temporary setup: create a new folder in your `.config` (e.g.`~/.config/nvim_test`) and tell neovim to start up with that as the nvim appname `NVIM_APPNAME=nvim_test nvim` (see [neovim docs](https://neovim.io/doc/user/starting.html#%24NVIM_APPNAME) for further explanation.
```
